everybody welcome back to know the land
please the binding of issac actors plus
we're the last two runs have just been
like the easiest runs in my history on
planet earth and I'm not saying that to
be braggadocious you know this is zz9 PE
W ATS all I'm trying to say to you which
let me try again
ZZ man PE w ad find out what the scene
is gonna waiting it up find out if it's
a great scene VZ 9 p w ad where's my
magic machine give it to me give it to
me give it to me give it to me give it
to me give it to me get anyway they've
been you've probably turned off the
episode by now so now that we can talk
you know one to one it's uh it basically
just had great seeds and you know I
can't complain whatsoever about this his
bad time for a framerate dip if you'll
excuse me
we're going to close that and get good
to go here alright
Samson easy money and by that what I
mean is if we get money the run could be
easy
we basically need five cents try to get
a blood bag sorry a blood bank I in my
head I said don't say the wrong thing
and I said the wrong thing probably
because I was overthinking it but if
we're able to make that happen
Marzuki I can see forever also very good
and you know I don't mind an orbital at
this point even if it's not the ten out
of ten best orbital we'd ever expect to
see if we get an IV bag I had to check
if we get an IV bag we're usually in a
pretty good spot as Samson as long as we
can you know keep ourselves in rocks in
relatively good shape health-wise
because we can basically mill our own HP
for damage which you know tends to work
out pretty well
mom's razor it's better and I don't like
this style of orbital but I'll talk
about it anyway it's better defensively
than it is offensively because it just
doesn't do that much damage
all those feels nice I'm excited largely
irrelevant probably
well hold tears down so that at least
don't you guys don't spawn into other
things to you at least if we somehow end
up getting PhD then it'll become a tears
upgrade but the odds of this are very
very low and I accept that fully so
Larry it's going to calm Larry David
Larry jr. a little dangerous with I'm
excited but obviously we sorted it now
we're looking like we're in a great spot
actually even with the tears downgrade
which is pretty bad we all we wanted to
see is an arcade and that's exactly what
we got so we're going to crank on this
and the thing is even if it only works
for us on this floor
ie it doesn't give us IV bag with any
reasonable length of time or within any
reasonable length of time it's still
really good for giving us like one full
floor of having like five devil cards I
can see forever is also fine I'm going
to blow you up which I shouldn't have
done that quickly but that's fine
because now we have like I mean not like
we have literally ten damage so I'm
feeling very very good about this
situation oh you guys have I'm excited
active right now despite the fact that I
popped that on a previous floor know no
harm no foul don't worry
that's my bad in some way that I'll find
a way to justify later still in a good
spot do need to be very worried about
apparently about I'm excited popping if
I remember correctly I think bleed makes
enemies take more damage so it can be
nice I guess to inflict a bigger enemy
with the with bleed and then take them
out but it's not going to work all the
time here and there is a little bit of
danger inherent in it oh yeah I just
wanted I was going to give you a key
anyway so don't even sweat it out every
time I see a key bagger I go give him a
key come on be nice he's he's worked for
it he's not going to spend it on locks
immediately
it's going to be like a very small
subset of the population that's going to
hear that joke and be like I don't get
it why is he talking about smoked-salmon
I'm not talking about smoked salmon I'm
talking about the thing that you insert
a key into key value pair no not a not a
multiset you nerd nerds have their pants
pulled down they're spanked with moon
rocks normally I wouldn't think it's the
biggest priority for us to you know use
a bomb to get a red heart but because of
the chance of getting IV bag and that
having like potentially enormous
implications I did it back there and
I'll do it again right here if we have
to what we do we have I can see forever
so we know where our secret rooms are
likely to be either way again this is
the thing with Samson if you can get
that Arcade sure you get the chance at
an IV bag or blood bag either which
would be fine
varying from fine to great you also get
the damage bonus on the floor which I
talked about but even if you get the
chance to just play it a lot either way
you get a bunch of money so we can go to
our shop and hopefully pick up you know
the ideal combination would be like
Steam sale restock or something like
that but we got 52 cents so this is
actually like a really really good
situation to be in I don't know if I'll
walk back to play the blood bank once I
acknowledge completely that that one
play may well be IV bag but at some
point you know saner heads have to
prevail so like both of these are pretty
horrible a bunch of red hearts not a
bunch of red hearts Guppies tail nothing
wrong with that
gobs tail Oh woohoo mostly good for
enabling transformations well this is
not the syllabic structure of this I'll
tell you what for two cents I'll go back
try go check on that bombs are key I'm
pretty much irrelevant at this point I
really don't want to buy the Bible 15
cents to a naval book worm and fly
occasionally it's just like not very
good we know we're going to get an
arcade though or not an arcade sorry I
deal with the devil unless we die we'll
get a deal with the devil so we're not
going to play this guy anymore I'm sorry
you did I don't need to apologize you
did great
work you got me up to ten damaged
unfortunately we're going to be Bank
down to three point five after the end
of this floor but you know you made this
floor nice and I respect that and I
appreciate that thank you let's try our
strat here I want him to bleed he's not
bleeding I'm not bleeding yeah you will
not bleed I don't understand well you
know what quirks of the game probably
because of the Lord the deep monster
allure I'm unaware of definitely will
take mob deployed nice little damage
boost
I basically accidentally walked into
betrayal don't tell anybody
mom's coin purse has X lakhs tears down
tears up I guess we'll take tears down
with us so if we're not able to use our
HP with IV bag will use our HP to pick
up deals with the devil instead betrayal
sucks and there was basically no reason
to pick it up but mob the void is
wonderful
and I'm glad we didn't take a bad space
bar item from the shop because we got a
bad space bar item right here for the
low low price of you know on the house
it's much better
but even 5.19 damage is not a bad
position to be in by any stretch of the
imagination especially with the added
you know ring from mob the void dealing
a bunch of damage we hadn't room to grow
and it is fair to remember that on like
the previous episodes I mean by the end
of three episodes ago or something or
the end of the episode two episodes ago
it's going to charge buffs rotten head
we had 75 damage or something I know on
one of them we got I believe every
damage multiplier you can get now I know
that after the first one they don't
actually help you out that much I'm just
suggesting you know we were spoiled for
choice
we're also we're starting to run out of
keys
no wouldn't say it has me too concerned
but something to keep an eye on here I
thought this was an Excel floor like I
thought that was an arcade for a second
I was freaking out
very surprising we got out of that
without taking damage mom's bottle of
pills
basically bad I forgot another we don't
have to worry about our keys that much
well we'll take it I guess if it tears
up pills in a rotation we'll take it in
balls of steel but it's not that bad
because we can use our keys to open
chests as long as we're using
pay-to-play to open doors which we don't
have a choice we're going to have to do
that which is awesome so I think we can
actually afford to go down to Keys zero
if we want to keys a row zero our key
containers and B C we don't need many
keys keys el0
C that's que sera sera but instead of
que sera sera I've changed into Isaac
related lyrics what a did comedy genius
well I mean you said it not me and in
you know the Royal you okay people are
shop here I'm assuming and oh we don't
pay for Blue map I'm not particularly
thrilled about the prospect of it but
probably should pay for a key as well
blue maps not doing much for us right
here but you know I've got my innate
sense to handle that stars cards well we
would probably keep a strength card
because the Stars card at this point
saves us literally a single penny so
it's not high on the food chain ended up
being a surprisingly good value right
there
how about boss rush I think there's a
there's a genuine chance
the boss rush could happen it would be
nice if we if we sort of beat the odds
and got a deal with the devil on this
floor the odds aren't great but they
aren't bad whoo I didn't deviate from
the path quickly if I should have you
are very fast we beat the odds okay
no Krampus um I mean they okay here's
the deal we'll take this I don't think
little delirium is great but then we'll
pop our strengths card we'll pick up I
of Belial I think this item is actually
quite good and then we'll take our HP
upgrade anyway and I don't care about
the diaper so that ended up being a very
very good strength card I would still
absolutely love IV bag which means I
probably should not play the demon
judgement first that's a little bit of a
silly play even though the demon
judgment could also give me great stuff
so the key beggar-like I'm sorry buddy
you just got no chance more HP is
exactly what we need right now so we're
like you know what let's play the demon
judgment first I want to see what you
got I think it's debatable what could be
better here we're still getting the
damage bonus on this floor either way
and if he gives me gimpy or something
like that we're solid so I know I know
we probably shouldn't be doing this part
but I'm gonna do it anyway because you
know no no no wait till I get my money
right I'm just you can't tell me nothing
experimental treatment largely not that
bad
the damage decrease may eventually be
heinous but for now you're like eh we're
still at 11 damage cares you don't need
it as much damage with piercing shots of
course I'd always rather have more but
I'm excited please stop with these these
awful pills I have no interest in
Satanic Bible is lovely we're going to
get bookworm here which also helps to
compensate for the damage downgrade book
of sin she's given us a red heart pretty
much the ideal payout I mean we should
go with Satanic Bible is kind of the
more boring choice but it's also
definitely the right choice and weirdly
enough this run is kind of like a little
bit of one of those ones where we should
adhere to best practices stats are good
and maybe I'm only thinking this because
it's slightly worse at least it's not as
good as quickly as the runs we've had
recently but we shouldn't really be too
concerned about the way things are going
here because it's like the easiest run
we I mean I know I'm just verbal
diarrhea it's been a long day IV bag
that's what we're looking for and we
even have the HP necessary to make it
work so as far as I'm concerned you know
deals with the angel are my new best
friend deals with the devil are no
longer my best friend by the way the
better our damage is we're not going to
get any deals with the Angels unless we
get duality but the better our damage is
the better mob the void is because it
kills things faster and when it kills
things they can drop black hearts so
really this is like it's a run where the
rich are just going to keep getting
richer ideally at least the only thing
and this is undone more Sampson runs
than I'd like to admit the only thing
that's very dangerous in this situation
is the oh I don't know maybe this is
good I had a tangent that is now
irrelevant every time we use the IV bag
we're going to get a incredibly small
all stats upgrade what a weird concept
okay so Libra and it's still good don't
get me wrong
not not Libra necessarily but like our
run is still good but I think the Libra
pickup was
big question mark and it's a big
question mark that's also given us the
middle finger it's like the edgy
question mark deaths touch razor blade
this was highly debatable whether or not
we should have even done this because
now we have no HP with which to use IV
bag so our steps might be horrible on
the next floor but we did get a little
HP which is nice and we did also get
deaths touch which was a good stats
upgrade for us to begin with I think at
least so we use this once and this is
the moment of truth honestly I'm very
eager to see how things work out for us
here but it's I don't know if we've ever
had we probably had this before but it's
still a strange run child's heart is
going to potentially pay huge dividends
for us here and it's a tempting is
actually blood bag would be very nice
the speed upgrade would be and all stats
upgrade you got a try it's not like
we're using the money for anything this
is why I like Libra you don't have to
Libra is like very shy it always shows
up with these curses of the blind am ia
don't need to do that it's okay
I would I love you just the way you are
when I see your face and know my stats
are gonna change cuz Libra balances your
stats constantly this is where normally
you'd be saying alright he's going to
say the second part that's actually
going to make this relevant but I think
I've just lost it on that one I think
that one's just dusted yeah yeah bust a
botch bit hey it happens from time to
time at least I'm not a surgeon not that
there's any danger of that gosh if it
means something a lot different if
you're working in the you know the
surgery department means a lawsuit high
voltage
where's our item room
I'm always resentful these days when
they put the item room far away from the
boss room and far away from the shop for
that matter like what am I supposed to
just spend my whole life exploring how
about you just give me the item and we
leave it at that dude we're getting
every deal with the devil like I I can't
avoid a deal with the devil it's a
wonderful situation that's dude can't
believe there was still two pills we
hadn't seen at this point we've been
pretty vigilant about getting as many of
them as we can Sookie I'm sure I'll tell
you what we'll use one bombs of key I
only say one because there were actually
two back there I think it's pretty clear
that this run is still still pretty good
it's still pretty hot I'm trying to
bring back that's hot well actually like
Michael al Fox said that hot on Twitter
and I'm trying to appeal to a younger
audience I was 15 when the simple life
14 or 15 when the simple life started
airing with you know Nicole Richie and
Paris Hilton I just called him the : P
hilts which is unintentionally ironic
given a rise to fame but either way if
that show really appealed to me for many
reasons
then I'm now trying to make up on the
fly because obviously it was like a
garbage piece of entertainment uh I was
so stupid of me
yeah yeah you know Paris Hilton she has
it's very common phrase that's hot and
I'm like you know should bring that back
because it just says is everything
World Peace achieved in the West Bank
that's hot
don't you worry about a thing cause
every little thing is going to be
alright oh that's hot
McDonald's all-day breakfast oh it's hot
as hell it's like the exact opposite of
that don't impress me much remember I
had a friend who actually he's at he's
like a literal genius and I don't mean
that in the way that like I'm gonna
insult him so I'm gonna compliment them
first so you don't think I'm a bad guy
you guys actually a straight-up genius
who does some genius work right now but
when it comes to culture he's a little
he'd be surprised what he's into I guess
and that's not things into shameful
things necessarily I'm just saying like
I remember he was talking to me it was
like 12 years ago and he's like dude the
press is not being very nice - Paris
Hilton that song stars are blind is
actually like a really good pop song and
am I feeling okay one of the smartest
dudes I know and you you think that
Paris Hilton's music career is going to
take off here's the thing Paris Hilton
that was like the playbook in 2004 is
like get famous maybe first fellatio
maybe not doesn't matter and then you
know spin it out model actress music
career but if you're gonna be Paris
Hilton and your whole brand is
predicated on trashiness and I this is
not Paris Hilton now I don't know what
she does now okay and it's better this
way that was the brand for her in like
2004 was basically language you know she
goes out and parties all the time and
then you know her TV show is like I'm
gonna go work as a welder and then
they'd be like put on this welding mask
and she'd be like this doesn't match my
outfit and you're like come on nobody's
just stupid I know you're not this but
you're playing it up for entertainment
but your brand is nothing your brand is
worthless I'm just saying your brand is
trashing us and then the song comes out
Italy even if the guys are crazy even if
the stars are blind if you show me we
love baby I'll show you man
yeah okay it's just two it's two Disney
Channel I don't know what your
consultants were thinking you should
have come out with like some peaches
level just raunchy I would have had and
I think this goes to the public at large
I'm not saying it would have been a hit
but neither what stars are blind because
it turns how people are happy to watch
you for free but not necessarily to buy
your single on iTunes either way if she
had just come out and if she had Lady
Gaga's like disco stick or something
like that you know let's have some fun
this beat is sick I want to take a ride
on your disco stick I think that would
have been like so much more applauded
about instead she got famous for having
a tape in which she engages in fellatio
and then sexual intercourse or so I hear
and then you know it TV show where she's
just like basically a jerk to
working-class blue-collar folks and then
oh but they got Union rail third Union
rail that's a some cool with John golf
stuff no they got there they got paid
scale for that so don't tell me they
weren't getting their share okay let's
let's go in here I know we could go for
the Guffey dream but I'm just a little
nervous about the whole HP situation
right now which is why I also have not
used IV bag on this floor anyway you
can't come out and then do a song that's
like what the woman needs now is love
sweet yup you got trash it up you did it
we don't need that I know a shield of
Tears could be good here but you did an
ad with Carl's jr. where you put on a
like a bikini basically and then ate a
Carl's jr. like you know jalapeno popper
Baconator well getting like soaking wet
washing this car and then you know what
do you want for your first single Paris
should it be you know let's have some
fun this beat is sick I want to take a
ride on your disco stick that seems on
brand
now do the one about wholesome real love
I think that's what the Paris Hilton
brand represents right now anyway you
know I don't work in the industry
mostly so I am I'm not going to tell her
what to do but I will tell her that her
experiment failed I don't wish or any
ill will you know anymore in 2004 I
wouldn't say I wished her harm in 2004
but I was like hey have you guys seen
adaptation it's a really Charlie
Kaufman's done it again and then
everyone's like I just watch The Simple
Life and I'm like why can't other 10th
graders be intellectuals this is exactly
the right time to be having these sorts
of discussions we're getting our
learner's permit next year we can drive
to the independent movie theaters what
is my voice become this I don't know
what do you got for me nothing okay I
mean I mean I sort of want to open that
but at the same time I'm not sure that I
do know I'm glad I did so we're gonna
keep cranking on like IV bag here case
it's not abundantly clear I basically
it's it seems like we're not getting as
much out of it as I thought that we
would like yeah we're not even getting
stat bonuses anymore like we're already
at the max and I'm not talking about you
know the colloquial neighbor t.j.maxx
that we all know and love I have no idea
what TJ Maxx is I live in Canada we
don't have PJ max we got Tim Hortons we
don't have JC Penney
we had zellers temporarily until they
got bought by Target and then went out
of business in a very strange business
deal that nobody understands to this day
effectively
hey stop that a great name for a show me
walking around today on hey stop that
you know then it's like some guy on an
airplane moves your carry-on into a
place where it's getting crushed to put
his carry-on up there and then I just
walk up hey northernlion from hey stop
that here just wanted to say hey stop
that and the whole plane turns to them
hey Seth dead guy in a BMW cuts you off
without using a single life you know
sirens we will it would seems to be the
problem officer hey stop that the whole
you know traffic turns to him hey
stepdad dude I'm telling you it's gonna
they may and also that it's great idea
for a show everybody wants to feel
superior remember that's the best Tears
for Fears song I want more damage please
I know it's not that easy but let's go
that's a stat increase nice actually a
pretty good one and we're goofy the
world is our oyster the world is our can
of salmon we're good to go
I mean we're still like stat-wise this
run is very unlikely to ever be elevated
above like just being pretty good but in
terms of like the the other stuff we got
going on the thing is it can't be
anything worse than pretty good in every
category plus we're covered so the
things we got going for us right now is
like as long as anyone stat is good all
of them are pretty good the other thing
is all right we're gonna starve flies
that destroy our foes for us so we're
going to crack into this you might as
well take it none that we can do about
it so and then we'll hopefully we're
trying to use our keys for good
basically settled we're not going to get
too much out of it but I think it is
better and even the the Steven upgrade
is not that good from a raw damage
perspective but we got the win like
maybe slow down the key usage ever so
slightly but it is going to be tough for
us to to carve out a loss from a fairly
easy victory here I think at least
infamy is also great completely
justifies coming in here in the first
place we do have to slow down our key
usage load dude so I'm going to de swell
him a dice shard all this stuff on the
ground might as well you know get a
little more mojo out of his dice Sharna
I mean we're still using keys because I
basically can't be trusted keep my word
here but got a verb pill gives us I can
see forever that was the last pill I
thought was like 20 years ago I took
that I couldn't see forever pill I like
floor to when that happened it's been a
while
I think at this point we have we have
now broached unstoppable ax t we might
be above any sort of consequence which
is not a good position to be in because
it breeds kind of like complacency is
the word I'm looking for it breeds
complacency because you go you know King
Kong ain't got nothing on me that's that
was my original audition for training
day by the way it's you can see why I
got the part and then selflessly gave it
up to a young actor Denzel Washington
who I mean I was already established in
the industry so I thought you know give
this up and coming you know yeah he had
shops but it was raw talent you know he
needed to hone it in so that's what I
told him I went up to him and I said
Denzel you got this job but you got to
hone it in its alright that's that's my
Denzel Washington impression how you
doing that's not a very good Denzel
watch it's not as good as my little
Wayne so why not like the rapper that's
you can get better than that
from somebody who's not me okay les
doppelgangers please because there can
be mostly just annoying not that we
should be taking this damage in the
first place but you know we're kind of
mild void is dried up free agency market
is not as good as it used to be so not
picking up these uh these hearts to the
same level we were during the Golden Age
here no the problem is you actually like
we can take my shadow and actually
synergizes okay here I'm not going to
fight hush because we're a little light
on HP but my shadows synergizes like
very very mildly with with IV bag so we
can use that to our own benefit here
that took away our eternal heart that
was not a smart play
but we gotta use it like this
I need the I need the damage I need the
speed even if it's not very much speed
per per play I still need the speed I
don't know dude I the more the further I
get into this run the more I'm like
Libre actually wow that was amazing
Libre actually sort of screwed us so
actually like the sentence sounded
remarkably like the intro to pretty fly
for a white guy
you know Libre actually sort of screwed
us - dude come come come come get it to
me baby he it's you know you don't don't
waste your time editing that to work it
just works red hearts please I mean I'm
not going to sit here for 10 hours and
do that we only have one luck I don't
want to be here I did that to myself
times like a thousand you're alive such
a thing if I can't even open that dude
all right I'll play until you won hard
now because that's what I lost well I
don't know that could take a while plan
till 85 cents look I got things to do
today
let's go okay the Isaac fight should be
fine
we're not rolling in red hearts great
name for a country music album themed
around The Binding of Isaac I'm rolling
in Red Hots and metier status down my
familiars has miles but I'll add to his
frown that got a poor speed stat and bad
DPS but faster beat the mom fight I
guess look it could have been a lot
worse all things considered it started
off on kind of the wrong foot bear for
an at run-time song generation can live
with it not the right run to go to
delirium I'm not been salty about the
Libre pickup either like at least it
made it more engaging if we didn't have
the Libre pickup we would have like 20
damage right now and I'd be like I don't
know well this runs good but instead we
got to talk about something you know
slightly more dynamic which is nice
I just wish above all else I wish our
Luck's that came along for the ride with
us you know it's we didn't need to take
dad's key in here but I wish the lux dad
came along for the ride with us because
one luck on the chest not a particularly
exciting time to be alive did you see
the fly Menace that we created and
unleashed upon daddy dad date there that
was uh that was outrageous
I think I just got him to dome himself
seems positive to me
oh yeah just walk right into that no
problem I mean honestly it actually is
no problem because we have bad trip
which is the whole reason I put this
down here but if you use dad's key
against dad who is actually Magus Aidan
I don't know why I changed that verbiage
up it's just the game theory he
shouldn't die instantly because that's
way too easy but he should you know go
like nice try scumbag and become like
super Satan super Satan that's
ridiculous
Satan only has two possible forms Satan
and magazine where would a super Satan
even fit in would he be like is he
better or worse than mega Satan I don't
know let's go hey thanks for watching
because I'm sure the episode of you did
click the like button it also a great
deal of course subscribe if you want to
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time